title: 'Target Audience Research'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>Although physical inactivity is growing, the awareness and importance of striving for an
      active lifestyle has increased. Yet, for many people the main challenge is to translate their
      positive intentions into actual long-term exercise behavior.</p><p>In collaboration with research group Interaction Design and my colleagues at Fontys I'm going to spend the next weeks designing a solution that motivates people in and around Eindhoven to run a marathon. The first step in designing this solution is researching the people who need it.<br></p><p>To get my research started on the right foot I framed a design challenge, this helps me organize how I think about a solution, and at moments of ambiguity, helps clarify where I should move my design towards. I framed it as followed:</p><p><b>How might we design a solution that motivates people in around Eindhoven to run a marathon.</b></p><p>I've conducted interviews, attended lectures from experts and combed through existing information to gain new insights that could help me solve this design challenge.<br></p><h2>Interviews<br></h2><p>There is no better way to understand your target audience than by talking to them directly. I've interviewed several people who had the intention to start running, people who were already frequently running and people who were training for or running marathons.</p><p>The most important insight I gained form this research method was that there is a clear difference between people who like to run alone and people who like to run with a group. <br></p><p>A frustration some people the latter group was facing, which kept them from translating their positive intentions into exercise behavior, was that they didn't had anyone in their social circles with whom they could start running. They couldn't keep up their motivation just by themselves for an extended period of time, they needed an extra push from someone else to keep going.<br></p><h2>Secondary Research<br></h2><p>To start learning about the broader context of my design chellange I have read articles, research papers, books and attended a lecture.</p><h3>Lecture Motivation Theory<br></h3><p>I attended a lecture by Joris Graumans on the topic of motivation theory, he explained different theories about motivation, behavioural change and marathon runners. An important insight I gained from this was that there were different marathon runner profiles based on cluster analysis of motivations. These profiles are as follows:<br></p><p><u>Running Enthousiasts</u><br>Indicating that these runners are veteran
      disproportionately female, marathoners who may have come to value
      many aspects of the running experience. Like to run with other.</p><p><u>Lifestyle Managers</u><br>They generally appear to be motivated by an interest
      in improving their physical and psychological well-being.</p><p><u>Personal Goal Achievers</u><b><br></b>These runners are primarily influenced by improving their running speed and performing up to the best capabilties.<br>
      </p><p><u>Personal Accomplishers</u><br>They are similar to Lifestyle Managers except that they do not endorse weight concern, life meaning and psychological coping motives.</p><p><u>Competitve Achievers</u><br>These runners primarily endorsed personal goal achievement, self-esteem, health orientation, life meaning and competition as their motives. They tended to be younger males who ran faster and trained more days per week.</p><h3>Self-Determination Theory<br></h3><p><b>TO DO</b>: Include important insights from Self-Determination Theory research paper by Richard M. Ryan and Edward L. Deci
      </p><h2>Customer Journey<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Include customer journey from presentation<br></p><h2>Personas<br></h2><p>Personas are fictional characters which are created based on research to represent the different users that might use your solution. Because of time constraints my research isn't quantative, this means a few attributes are assumptions.</p><p><b>TO DO</b>: Add persona from presentation<br></p>
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/sco/target-audience-research/anouk-v2.png
    caption: 'Primary persona'
    size: large
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/sco/target-audience-research/bart-v2.png
    caption: 'Secondary persona'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <h2>Insights<br></h2><p>By immersing myself in the world of runners I've
       gained new insights, insights that I will need to explore even further.
       I've framed "How might we?" questions for the most important insight, 
      these questions will be helpfull in the ideation phase.<b><br></b></p><p><b>Hardlopen in groepsverband werkt voor bepaalde sporters als motiverende factor
      om hun doel te behalen. <br></b></p><p>Hoe kunnen we er voor zorgen dat deze groep hardlopers bereikt wordt en hun intentie
      omgezet wordt tot actie</p><p><b>Veel mensen zien de marathon als een mijlpaal en willen de ervaring meemaken,
      weinig mensen doen het ook daadwerkelijk.</b></p><p>Hoe kunnen we er voor zorgen dat de drempel verlaagd wordt om te beginnen met
      trainen voor de marathon.
      </p><p>
      <b>Veel mensen die een marathon willen lopen hebben vaak in hun eigen sociale
      kringen te weinig bekende die dit ook willen doen.</b></p><p>Hoe kunnen we er voor zorgen dat hardlopers met hetzelfde doel, de marathon lopen,
      elkaar eenvoudig vinden.
      </p><h2>Moving Forward<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Describe how you'll proceed to the next phase and what role this research will have in it.<br></p><h2>Feedback<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Include teacher feedback<br></p><h2>Reflection<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Reflect on this assignment</p><h2>Sources<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Include sources<br></p>
cover: /assets/assignments/sco/target-audience-research/sco-target-audiene-research-cover@2x.png
color: '#96cdce'
related_assignments:
  - 90fcacef-62b2-4e14-9bcd-9bc299a2bd4c
id: 73811504-2276-448a-a4de-3073c931d7a0
classes:
  - user-experience
