title: 'Scrum Process'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>This semester I used Scrum with my team to manage our project. In short, Scrum is a framework that helps teams work together.</p><h2>Sprints</h2><p>This framework divides the time you have to work on a project into sprints. At the beginning of each sprint you determine what user stories you want to implement. Then, at the end of each sprint you present the work you''ve done to the product owner and stakeholder.</p><p>After this you hold a retrospective on the sprint to discuss what went well and how we could do better in the next sprint.</p><h2>Daily Standups</h2><p>At the beginning of each day the team holds a daily standup which is led by the scrummaster. The person with this role ensures everybody knows what to work on and that the scrum framework is used properly. This role rotates between the team members which ensures everybody gets a good understanding of Scrum.</p><h2>Scrumboard</h2><p>To keep a clear overview of our progress and process we make use of a scrumboard. This contains all the tasks and user stories that need to be done or implemented. After discussing the different options we choose to use&nbsp;<a href="https://www.notion.so/" target="_blank">Notion</a>&nbsp;for this because of it''s flexibility.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/ptm/scrum/scrum-board.png
    caption: 'Scrum board'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: '<h2>Reflection</h2><p>At the beginning I didn''t how to use the framework properly because it was still new for me. It took some time but after the first sprint it went well. It takes some time up front to write decent user stories but in the long run its worth it productivity wise.</p><p>I also found it pretty difficult to estimate how much work a given user story is. I almost always underestimated it.</p><p>I fulfilled the role of scrum master multiple times during the daily standups. At first the standups took to long and a lot of irrelevant things were discussed but after a few times I learned how to ask the right questions so that the right things were being discussed.</p><p>Working with the scrum framework is definitely something I want to keep doing in the future.</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/hersens.png
color: '#FEF4E5'
related_assignments:
  - 896a36fe-dafd-44c0-bd58-e59a686cf707
  - bf41357a-f73a-4c77-8c99-536c403747c0
  - df322db1-c275-4a18-8872-3429e6ac493e
id: c7cf2db3-f95c-45db-85be-50f8e3ff7ae1
classes:
  - group-project
