title: 'Low-Fidelity Prototyping'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>When you start the design for a new app, what do you design first? If it's the navigation bar on the bottom of the page, you're making a mistake.</p><p>The easiest way to find yourself frustrated and stuck when working on a new
      design is to start by trying to “design the app.” An "app" is a collection a features, so instead of starting with designing, start with a functionality.<br></p><h2>Wireframes</h2><p>I started with the group list feature which needed: a search field, a filter and the groups themselves.</p>
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/ux/low-fidelity-prototyping/team-up-wireframes-3.png
    caption: 'First iteration of wireframes'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>I discussed these with my group and we decided to use some elements and get rid of others in the next iteration.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/ux/low-fidelity-prototyping/team-up-wireframes-4.png
    caption: 'Second iteration of wireframes'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>With these wireframes I''ve explored different ideas, but static images don''t capture the interactions the users have.</p><h2>Clickable Prototype<br></h2><p>The next logical step would be to make a clickable prototype, with this I can actually test and validate the interactions the users have.</p>'
  -
    type: video
    video: 'https://youtu.be/KSrpKARdkBw'
    caption: 'Team Up Low-Fidelity Clickable Prototype'
  -
    type: text
    text: '<h2>Feedback<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Add feedback from teachers</p><h2>Reflection<br></h2><p>I think low-fidelity prototyping is an essential step in realising a concept. It takes a bit of extra work upfront but saves time in the long run. It''s definitely a step I want to keep in my process.&nbsp;</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/post-it-bord.png
color: '#FEF4E5'
related_assignments:
  - d1795529-a0b5-4ef2-9a1d-1325e157d83e
  - 3b54c9a6-a705-491a-a676-5ae0db0339b4
id: c747fac6-c141-458f-bea5-887362bb4a8d
classes:
  - user-experience
