title: 'Strategy Session'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>The goal of a strategy session is to understand what a product or service does and distill it into a clear story so that the customer can understand its value. We all have different ideas about how this story should be told so we are going to align them by working together, seeing where the conflicts are and solving them.</p><p>If we don’t do this and try to come up with a solution when not everybody is aligned on what we’re trying to achieve the discussion going to end up being “I like this” or “I don’t like this” rather than "Is this solving our problem the way we’re all aligned too?"</p><p>I prepared and facilitated this session for our group, I'll go through the different parts and shed some light on my process.</p><h2>Story, vision, mission &amp; concept<br></h2><p>In this part of the session we discussed as much as possible about our concept and what our story, vision and mission should be.<br></p><h2>Onliness statement<br></h2><p>You could
       see it as a positioning statement or a small paragraph, 
      that answers some essential questions about a brand. What, how, who, 
      why, where and when.<br></p><p>To get to a statement we all agreed upon, everybody
       started with writing down their answer to these questions on digital "sticky notes" in Figma. Everybody got to share their version of the statement. Then we went 
      through every single one and compared and discussed them until we got a 
      statement we all agreed upon.</p><p>This is a very intensive exercise 
      but I also think it's one of the most important ones. The goal is to create a statement that describes everything you’re doing.</p><h2>Target audience<br></h2><p>In this section we discussed our target audience, we looked for ways to create logical segmentation by looking at demographics, pshychographics and behaviroural data.<br></p><h2>Features &amp; benefits<br></h2><p>Here we discussed what features enable corresponding benefits for our target audience. Strategic positioning or differentiation isn’t possible without presenting the target with the most compelling information about the features and benefits. <br></p><p>Features are key characteristics of the product or service, for example: air bags in a car, extra legroom in your seat on a plane, tacos on the menu.</p><p>A benefit focusses on the consumer's needs or desires, it's the 
      advantage a consumer gets from a product. Another way to look at it is 
      that benefits answer this question: What's in it for me?</p><h2>Messages &amp; objectives<br></h2><p>In this section we discussed what our target audience should remember about our concept and the objectives of our stakeholder.<br></p><h2>Facts<br></h2><p>Because this framework probably doesn't cover everything important I 
      left some space here for input that might be useful. Facts that could 
      potentially be used in a marketing campaign for example.<br></p><h2>Recap<br></h2><p>After we went through the session we went over it one more time to recap it and possibly make some changes.</p><h2>Patterns<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Explain what we did what the results of the strategy session<br></p><p><b>TO DO</b>: Add image of creative strategy framework<br></p><h2>Reflection<br></h2><p><b>TO DO</b>: Write personal reflection<br></p>
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/compass.png
color: '#69E2F3'
related_assignments:
  - 73811504-2276-448a-a4de-3073c931d7a0
id: 93b87c7c-c4d1-4f32-90c8-7cfda7f04994
classes:
  - strategy-and-concept
