title: 'Development Environment'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>Before you start writing any code its wise to take a moment and think about your development environment. What tools can I use that will help me write code better and faster? In this article I''ll explain what development tools I''ve used during this semester.</p><h2>Code editor</h2><p>I use Visual Studio Code because it''s free and easy to use out of the box. I''ve installed several extensions such <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=eamodio.gitlens" target="_blank">GitLens</a> which supercharges the built in Git capabilities with features like line blame and recent changes annotations.</p><p><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mhutchie.git-graph" target="_blank">Git Graph</a>&nbsp;visualises the different branches and commits in a graph so that I can get a clear overview of the progress of a project.</p><p><a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=octref.vetur" target="_blank">Vetur</a> which adds Vue specific features like syntax highlighting and formatting.</p><h2>Framework</h2><p>I use Vue because it has a friendly learning curve, outstanding documentation and quality online courses. It''s also constantly growing and v3 is on the horizon which looks very promising.</p><p>Vue has first party tooling such as <a href="https://cli.vuejs.org/" target="_blank">Vue CLI</a> and <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd" target="_blank">Vue DevTools</a>&nbsp;which make starting a new project and debugging incredibly easy.</p><p>I also use TailwindCSS which is a utility-first CSS framework because it lets me rapidly build customs design without writing too much custom CSS.</p><h2>Version control</h2><p>I use Git because it simplifies the process of collaborating with other people on the same codebase. One of the biggest advantages is its branching capabilities which provide an isolated environment changes in your codebase.</p><p>I host my Git repositories on <a href="https://github.com/Vincelicious" target="_blank">Github</a>&nbsp;because it''s free and other people can see my code when using a public repository. It also lets you manage who has access and can merge branches when collaborating in the same repository which keeps everything organised.</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/gamecontroller.png
color: '#D1EAF8'
related_assignments:
  - 1780e8f0-1fce-4620-bf82-17deb324349e
  - 02d64ce8-1a9b-4740-bd42-44d8b1619cbb
id: 287a6e10-b6c5-4dd9-a2cb-2a252c2b6e50
classes:
  - development-and-design
