title: 'PoC It Feasible'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: |
      <p>A proof of concept or PoC is a realization of an idea in order to demonstrate its
                              feasibility or verifying that some idea has practical potential. I've made made several proof of concepts and documented them on <a href="https://git.fhict.nl/I414017/semester-4" target="_blank">GitLab</a>.</p><h2>barba.js with anime.js</h2><p>I've always wondered how you make page transitions on websites so I made a proof of concept using <a href="https://barba.js.org/" target="_blank">barba.js</a> and <a href="https://animejs.com/" target="_blank">anime.js</a>. First of all, I think it looks pretty slick, but it took me longer to implement then I anticipated. Mostly because there aren't any good examples I could learn from and the documentation is lacking. It was a lot of trail and error but in the end I think the result was worth it.</p><p><b>TODO: </b>Add GIF of result</p><h2>barba.js with GSAP</h2><p>Because <a href="https://greensock.com/gsap/" target="_blank">GSAP</a> is the industry standard when it comes to JavaScript animation libraries I wanted to make a proof of concept using GSAP instead of anime.js. Swapping the libraries wasn't that difficult and the results are identical but I do think anime.js has a more readable syntax than GSAP. I'm sticking with GSAP because it's so widely used.</p><p><b>TODO:</b>&nbsp;Add GIF of result</p><h2>Algolia Predefined Widget</h2><p>I thought it would be useful to implement a search feature into my portfolio website so I decided to make a proof of concept using <a href="https://www.algolia.com/" target="_blank">Algolia</a>. I choose Algolia because a lot of blogs and documentations use it which made me curious.</p><p>Turns out it's still a lot of work to implement a search feature. First, you need to send the data you want to make searchable to Algolia so that they can index it. Fortunate for me Statamic, which is the CMS I'm using, has a feature which does this for you if you configure it properly.</p><p>Second, you need to configure how Algolia handles the data you've send using their dashboard. Then you need use their library so you can add the widget to you website.</p><p>I ended up not implementing it because a simpel menu was easier to use.</p><p><b>TODO:</b>&nbsp;Add GIF of result</p><h2>Vue Groups</h2><p>A feature of our concept was an overview of different training groups so I made a proof of concept using Vue and Firebase.</p>
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/dev/poc-it-feasible/vue-groups.png
    caption: 'Vue Groups proof of concept'
    size: small
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p><b>TODO: </b>Add Vue Token Based Authentication PoC</p><p><b>TODO: </b>Add Intersection Obeserver API PoC</p><p><b>TODO: </b>Add Animating Vue PoC</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/controller.png
color: '#FFF5F6'
related_assignments:
  - 24d41b12-67e6-4eff-8521-e44f4fdbc7ba
id: 02d64ce8-1a9b-4740-bd42-44d8b1619cbb
classes:
  - development-and-design
