title: 'Product Requirements Document'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>In this post, I’ll share how I went from zero(ish) to a six-figure software engineering job offer in nine months while working full time and being self-taught.</p><p>Whenever I would start reading a success story, I would immediately look to find the author’s background, hoping it would match mine. I never found someone who had the same background as I did, and most likely mine won’t match yours exactly.</p><h2>Visual basic applications</h2><p>Nonetheless, I hope that my story inspires others and acts as a valuable data point that can be added to your success story dataset. I took a Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) course in high school (nine years ago). In my freshman engineering course (seven years ago), I learned some C, Python, Matlab, and Labview.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/demo/brand-mockup-scene-large.png
    caption: 'Branding mockup scene'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>I graduated from a good university with a chemical engineering degree and a good GPA (three years ago). I hadn’t done any programming outside of school, in high school or college, until I decided I wanted to learn last year.</p><p>After college, I got a job as a Process Engineer at a refinery. I worked there until I changed careers into Software Engineering.</p><h2>Technical problems</h2><p>I enjoyed solving technical problems, but I knew I wanted to get into the business/startup world at some point. I always kept the thought of an MBA in the back of my mind, but every time I looked at the price tag of the top schools, my interest waned.</p><p>On May 27th, 2017 I found myself googling about MBAs again, and somehow I stumbled upon software engineering. It seemed like a perfect fit. The End.</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/demo/artsy-stationery-mockup-scene.png
color: '#FFEBAE'
id: bc41a66e-f451-495c-b7d3-237379a7104c
classes:
  - strategy-and-concept
