title: 'From Tech to Architecture'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>An architecture diagram describes an idea in different components and modules. This helps make it clear what everyone could be working on. We first made a high level diagram, I contributed by collaborating.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/dev/from-tech-to-architecture/architecture-diagram-v1.png
    caption: 'High level software architecture diagram v1'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>We then asked Maikel Putman for feedback and he concluded that we should also consider the hardware we want to use. We implemented this feedback in the next iteration.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/dev/from-tech-to-architecture/architecture-diagram-v2.png
    caption: 'High level software architecture diagram v2'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>We later decided to use Firebase for the backend because we wanted to primarily focus on the frontend of the app. I updated the diagram accordingly.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/dev/from-tech-to-architecture/architecture-diagram-v3.png
    caption: 'High level software architecture diagram v3'
    size: large
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>Because Firebase is a backend-as-a-service it takes most of the work of building a backend out of your hands.</p><p><b>TODO:</b>&nbsp;Make a low level software architecture diagram</p><h2>Reflection<br></h2><p>I think making an architecture diagram is a useful step in realising an idea, it makes it easier to decide what everyone should work on.</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/compass.png
color: '#69E2F3'
related_assignments:
  - 1780e8f0-1fce-4620-bf82-17deb324349e
  - 02d64ce8-1a9b-4740-bd42-44d8b1619cbb
id: 24d41b12-67e6-4eff-8521-e44f4fdbc7ba
classes:
  - development-and-design
