title: 'Entity Relationship Diagram'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>We started developing relatively fast which meant we didn''t put too much thought into how the data should be formatted. I needed to retrieve data for a group but that didn''t match how someone else had stored it in the database. This caused some conflict but everything still "worked" because we had different sources we retrieved data from.</p><p>When we decided to switch to Firebase we needed to rethink how we stored our data because now we all used the same database. Thats when we decided we needed an ERD.</p><p>First I made one on my own, two other group members did the same.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/dev/erd/team-up-erd-v1.png
    caption: 'Team Up ERD v1'
    size: small
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>We discussed what we had made and a second iteration.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/dev/erd/team-up-erd-v2.png
    caption: 'Team Up ERD v2'
    size: small
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>We asked feedback on this iteration from Maikel Putman and implemented this in our next iteration.</p>'
  -
    type: image
    image: /assets/assignments/dev/erd/team-up-erd-v3.png
    caption: 'Team Up ERD v3'
    size: small
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>This is the iteration we stuck with and implemented when switching to Firebase.</p><h2>Reflection</h2><p>An ERD is usually among one of the first things you make when developing an app. I was too eager to begin with developing that I overlooked this step which ended up taking me more time in the long run. Next time I''m going to make sure I make one before I start writing code.</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/compass.png
color: '#69E2F3'
related_assignments:
  - 7f6ccec2-f506-425f-ab10-34ad85c31c0e
  - 24d41b12-67e6-4eff-8521-e44f4fdbc7ba
id: a9ec2fb7-ddb4-4c90-91fb-34ac88fac1f6
classes:
  - development-and-design
