title: 'The Module Pattern'
body:
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>The Team Up app has a lot of different states. When I talk about state I mean the data the components depend on and render such as users and groups for example.</p><p>Managing the state of an application full of components can be difficult, that’s why I use Vuex. Vuex is a state management pattern and library for Vue. Instead of communicating event up and passing props down Vuex lets me consolidate the entire state of the app in one store, a single source of truth.&nbsp;</p><p>When using a single state tree, the entire state of the app is contained inside one big object. However, as the app grows in scale, the store can get really bloated.</p><p>Vuex allows me to divide the store into modules. Each module can contain its own state and functionality which makes my code more manageable.&nbsp;</p><p>To make the modules even more self-contained I use namespaces to avoid conflicts. This means I could use the same variable or function name in different modules.</p>'
  -
    type: github_gist
    embed: '<script src="https://gist.github.com/Vincelicious/7f3f3023b586295bb3f69d7eb6abbb6d.js"></script>'
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>In this example you can see I''m importing the modules group, user, marathon and badge.</p>'
  -
    type: github_gist
    embed: '<script src="https://gist.github.com/Vincelicious/c29cebe39faa184f1ac524feda752d41.js"></script>'
  -
    type: text
    text: '<p>The group module for example contains its own state and functionality related to groups.&nbsp;</p><h2>Feeback</h2><p><b>Maikel Putman</b><br>Je uitleg en toepassing is prima. Goed dat je namespaces gebruikt, dat zorgt voor een extra afkadering die je ook bij the module pattern in vanilla JS hebt.<br></p><h2>Reflection</h2><p>Vuex and modules help me deal with state management at the costs of more boilerplate. It''s a bit more work upfront but in the long run, when the codebase has scaled, I''ll be more productive. It''s definitely something I want to make a habit of using.</p>'
cover: /assets/assignments/generic/boks-handschoen.png
color: '#FEF4E5'
related_assignments:
  - 1780e8f0-1fce-4620-bf82-17deb324349e
  - 24d41b12-67e6-4eff-8521-e44f4fdbc7ba
id: 87eb2134-fffe-40f3-8bfd-63121f123d12
classes:
  - development-and-design
